[APIE-1057] Fix Flink MT resource timeout and canonicalization gaps (#1023)
confluentinc/terraform-provider-confluent: docs/resources/confluent_flink_materialized_table.md

- `display_name` - (Required String) The unique name of the Materialized Table.
- `kafka_cluster` - (Required Configuration Block) supports the following:
    - `id` - (Required String) The ID of the Kafka Cluster hosting the Materialized Table's topic, for example, `lkc-abc123`.

> - `query` - (Optional String) The SQL query that defines the Materialized Table, for example, `SELECT user_id, product_id, price, quantity FROM orders WHERE price > 1000;`. 

Reviewer: seems like we could revert this change 😁

Author: That's a great catch, updated

- `kafka_cluster` - (Required Configuration Block) supports the following:
    - `id` - (Required String) The ID of the Kafka Cluster hosting the Materialized Table's topic, for example, `lkc-abc123`.
- `query` - (Optional String) The SQL query that defines the Materialized Table, for example, `SELECT user_id, product_id, price, quantity FROM orders WHERE price > 1000;`.

>   -> **Note:** The Flink Gateway canonicalizes the submitted `query` on parse (uppercases keywords, expands type aliases such as `INT`→`INTEGER`, normalizes parentheses, etc.). To prevent cosmetic drift on every `terraform plan`, the provider preserves the user-submitted `query` verbatim in state and does not refresh it from the API after Create or Update. When you import a Materialized Table, the imported state will hold the API's canonical form; either update your HCL to match it or set `lifecycle { ignore_changes = [query] }`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -> **Note:** The Flink Gateway canonicalizes the submitted `query` on parse (uppercases keywords, expands type aliases such as `INT`→`INTEGER`, normalizes parentheses, etc.). To prevent cosmetic drift on every `terraform plan`, the provider preserves the user-submitted `query` verbatim in state and does not refresh it from the API after Create or Update. When importing a Materialized Table, make sure to use the API's canonical form for the `query` attribute in your HCL to avoid the terraform drift. 
```
